 according to the 184-year-old property, the number of british people who had to pay tax was 832.
 the provisions of the convention into or into the convention into or into state laws should be implemented in accordance with the legal norms of article 4.
 as well as domestic and domestic demand, the performance of economic performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 is good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the selection of a candidate.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the methodology requires that grades are based as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, it is also possible that the price price of these attractions may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of the shopping market and the market stalls of the street are the most peak of the 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping was predicted, since it forecasts that major changes are likely to occur.
 attention must be given to the intentions of the country and not instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay long for long.
 some of us believe that this action could not be done so much.
 this is helpful to the complexity of the complexity of the court.
 the family planning association was established in january 1996 and has been a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties would report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, so that it is legal and in fact a subject of international law.
 although activities are still limited, the scale of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate the facts and work of the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law are aware that the international community is the united nations council decisions and action.
 parents must not be able to do so, and the responsibility of the educator is entirely entirely entirely on the school and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems in hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21. he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market, and maintains the same sales target.
 we explore that the strengthening of the strengthening of united nations controls should be guided by a thorough analysis of the relevant countries concerned.
 pursuant to the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive is elected by the election committee.
 as a matter of installation, the person must be given appropriate attention to the prevention of the installation of the installation.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network in the country and took place in october 1998 in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 decreased from 4.9% to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to china for the first time, he will visit hong kong to visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile has put forward a strong protest with a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the amount of the military of the military volunteers is not compensable.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairperson of regional groups.
 the problems of the two countries and the government of ukraine to the organization of the republic of belarus, as well as in the regular budget of the regular budget, could not be prompted to the organization.
 member of the panel on the settlement of disputes between india and the united states on the united states and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmths of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of su lai, was elected.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the establishment of an education system that the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it is hoped that the internet will be able to register with relevant banks.
 mr tsang expressed gratitude to the marine department of marine marine personnel, and other members of the other concerned.
 okay, let's continue to look about other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions regarding these groups requires a number of preconditions.
 on the 8.30 pm on the 8.30 pm, the city of hong kong has gradually returned to normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft resolution was not consistent with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities will be able to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, french, spanish, this year, this year, romania.
 in the transactions carried out by local transactions, the respective shares of local financial institutions and local non-resident clients, together with other local financial institutions and local non-resident clients, were held at 10 per cent.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singletons in the area.
 it is important to find that there is a need to achieve results, which is feasible to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern was expressed for the humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has made a decision on the appeal by the prosecutor and thus the chamber was sent to france.
 the trend in the economies of these countries have adversely affected the economic progress of economic progress and the stability of social stability.
 it is seven days.
 our socialist country through the united nations has entered into the world, and with each other and south east and south-east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role to make it possible to promote the development efforts of the developing countries.
 he said, " it's not possible to know what he does not want to act. "
 (15) as a result of international perspectives and thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks on 11 september.
 china's ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-control bird fluion is quite effective.
 chile agrees that the security situation of the united nations peace-keeping forces would be possible to prevent the errors of the violent conflict.
 at this critical moment, it is imperative that the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize their enemy.
 i am very hopeful that the administration will have a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the representative of a spokesman for the african group and commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan to establish 13 coal " bases in the country next year.
 on the eve of the year, the ancients of the keung river has reached the path of the modern town of the river.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card card.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state of state and government or by the state of foreign member states.
 the contents of the contents of the publications are widely concerned about the development of a number of social and economic areas.
 the vast majority of member states have shown that they have tended to increase the tendency to increase the council's permanent and permanent membership.
 the customers can be purchased after the special stamps issued by the special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for science and manpower, mr peter wong, visited the secretary for home affairs, mr joseph lai, and other bureau officials.
 in 1971, the japanese was founded in a society of education.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and campaign activities which might have implications for the judges.
 the countries of the south pacific states members of the united nations have deeply regretted france's intention to resume the pacific nuclear tests.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 in many cases, the bulldozers pushed home and even residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and public.
 in fact, i would like to go to belgium to contact the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace, as well as peace in the peace and implementation of peace.
 such enquiries can help to identify genuine responsibilities at the time of the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the co-chairmen.
 the commission affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building processes to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 israelis and houses were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at the end.
 the text of the text is more tight and simple.
 the high prices of prices, not only the people of the government, also caused great importance to the government of government authorities and experts.
 he didn't talk about the need to take into consideration.
 we will never be able to hear the valuable views of the professional knowledge of the profession.
 the saying goes: " it's a mistake.
 it is expected that the vast majority of the national party is expected to accelerate the unexploded inside the democratic party of the millennium.
 in the days of the day, the stars of the pavines, such as the rackets, was not refurbished.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan is optimistic about taiwan tourism.
 the most common aspects of the functionality jurisdiction is the navigation of navigation and adoption of the exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 on november 9, margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world to become a chinese chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the law on extradition is provided in accordance with the international court of justice.
 the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948, a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the convention on the protection of human rights, in particular to protect women's human rights.
 er, there was no black strack in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the process of a history of history, and the process has been beginning in a great deal of uncertainty as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 following the internet's government's government's government's homepage, the number of brows from the print services bureau from april to 6000.
 this situation has not been dealt with in the previous case or in the present case.
 states parties may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the work of the nuclear commissions work must depend on the ability of its members and the modalities of the commission.
 the letter of authorisation shall be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality ".
 the democratic republic of the congo was generally felt that the international community did not move to an end to the conflict.
 one of the users's request is to assess the damage caused by floods on crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government has a pre-indusection of hong kong's internal two exchanges and clearing on the basis of the co-operation in hong kong.
 on the mano river union, regional offices must assist in the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offence and execution of killings, explosives, the minimum and the maximum limits of a crime, and a 1<unk>3 of the highest limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a shot.
 during the waiting time for analysts, the waiting time for home care homes can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of transmission of aids.
 as a result of the modernization of the modern era, it was taking the initiative to control a city of the car.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony and to promote the development of different national and cultural development in the world.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business community can do.
 this will not only strengthen the ability of local production films, which can lead to the establishment of the services centre in asia, " the spokesman added.
 i think that everyone will understand, and we genuinely honoured a member of the membership of the members of the council.
 in the case of health-being, the symptom is mainly due to a minor.
 coordination with the relevant united nations agencies in cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies are also appropriate.
 in the face of many different types of products in the market, parents can make a better choice.
 if the number of double-digit figures, the consequences will be very serious.
 it would be impossible for them to obtain a voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been working well in 1999 and has improved substantial improvement.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is essential in the maintenance of nuclear tests.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents are free of travel and freedom of freedom.
 it was also considered that this might lead to a precedent that leads to a notice of notification by all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, it was also heard that the government will never let the legal opinions publicly.
 as at the end of august 1997, 34 china-owned enterprises have been listed in hong kong with a total of about $ 700000 in hong kong.
 so far, the air and land-based assets of monuc has transported over 30 tons of aid to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between the working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt.
 madam president, in fact, the processions of the procession is not a number of people's rights.
 the delay, which affects about the credibility of about about about <unk>
 recently, the private sector and the foundation of the private sector and the foundation for cooperation between the private sector and the foundation has increased significantly.
 there are no other comments.
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identification cards, one of the israelis, and one of them to the residents.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to do with all the services.
 the recent political developments in recent years would seem to be a cause for the early settlement of hong kong.
 as part of the models, the models consists of the development of a persessional pattern of physical models and lacage.
 9 of these growth was a change in currency exchange rates.
 the typically illicit arms transaction was carried out by the administrative facilities of the control of arms and export.
 switzerland is no longer tolerated by terrorism in no longer tolerated the financial system of switzerland to do so.
 most of the job vacancies are required to apply for a diploma or degree of graduates in the monthly salary of $ 8 to $ 6000.
 the value of the project completed by the main contractor in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 on the details of the functions of the commission, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that in the near future, these programmes were in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in commonwealth is a great complement and support for the commonwealth of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation was of the view that international nuclear disarmament efforts at the end of the international nuclear disarmament efforts are now at cyclical, and prospects for future prospects.
 i give my support to the honourable member's number of time.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american cultural association of the americas believe that the non-crimine population is a minority in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey on employers in the coming three years to obtain the work of university graduates.
 it is not clear that china's version is that hong kong officials will be an excuse for hong kong officials to the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law developed these parties (i.e. signatures, the signor, dependence on both parties and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity in the implementation of national programmes is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider the consideration of specific topics.
 " the sar is enthusiastically supported by the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, there are only a phone phone in the south african region of africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also taken several days of closures between the gaza strip and egypt, which have been closed every day.
 as a result of speeding up the speedy speed up, the cost of transport costs will be reduced, and all sectors are thus benefiting.
 as a result of the rumals or appliances, it's almost all.
 6. 2. the 2 part is to take advantage of knowledge, technology technology and entrepreneurship.
 she would like to do what could be done, such as listening to radio, television, writers, writer, singing, singing and pilos.
 when you talk about taiwan's children's children, it is very difficult to look at the impact on them.
 the cost of freight costs can be calculated on a higher basis.
 in fact, the secretary for housing has been invited by the secretary for housing.
 the panel was entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not look at this report but often heard such reports.
 (a) the company is interested to apply for official applications for formal application.
 in the movies, hou hsiao-hsien's story, " says liang-chi's story ".
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the health of health, has said that about four years can be reached.
 it is difficult for it.
 in the department's central body, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that the buyer had no obligation to fulfil the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be held in connection with the human rights commission on human rights.
 if 159 member states, the 50 session of the draft bill will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of the hong kong financial centre in this year.
 the meeting held that the mandate of holding elections is the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 in the modern civilization, the visitors can also go back to a few days in modern civilizations.
 we have set a far big goal.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-hen, and the management committee of the fund management committee provides a new year for the elderly.
 the honourable mrs selina chow's suggestion was to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there are breakthroughs in overseas markets.
 as for the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that he would like to point out in fact falls.
 in shanghai, the import and export company of zhejiang, zhejiang province of zhejiang province, was similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the shipment of hong kong shipments in hong kong's shipment industry is in line with an economic commercial decision.
 helping the government of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone to consolidate peace in the united states.
 he said that the history of history is at the same time.
 the national development framework of the transitional government demonstrates the role of the state in the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment bureau to contain all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and the international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica said that the delegation had been very active in its duties.
 it is proud of the ancient tradition of the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services, mr. choir choi, will be director of information services in january 7, 2002.
 the dancers are packed with fresh flowers.
 the situation of the united nations society is the most worrying.
 as a result, there was a further emergency transfer to hospital, saying that the child has already been infected with children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national groups and various united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the new year's novels, the team is even more happy to bring them to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that the ethiopian no longer wars no longer.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 for the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not be allowed to look back to the future of the future.
 we must not forget that these are not a waste of public money.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase in the year.
 i have recently attended the general assembly to attend the population.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to a copy of these written statements.
 qin chin-sheng says that james soong arrived in xi'an on may 5, he will arrive in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes the information provided during the consideration of the report and the mission had provided information.
 a major train explosion occurred on the 22 of the northbound station on the 22.
 the activities of the activities included in the activities of the activities of the civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 at this time, the use of the use of the people of hong kong should not agree with them.
 however, international trafficking also involve other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 in my own nature, i have always heard religions.
 as a result, the government has been set up in the sar government that only the chinese government is eligible to represent the hksar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have been able to implement some of its provisions, particularly with regard to mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.30000 and the first time for four years to 200000.
 in 2004, the import bank of the united states has provided funding for us$ 17800000000 in export products around the world.
 two informal ministers will be held on wednesday, 5 and 6 june, on wednesday and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of legal action on the issue of pollution on the old site.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts were set up in the office of action and 18 posts were paid by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he said, " the 3 route " is a major reference basis for chen shui-bian.
 right, we have a number of double-tracked swords.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily operation on the ground to inspect the air sorts of the bus, which increased from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only mentions the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council to the attention of the members of the council, the state of the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the conference will start the site, the venue was 215 rooms.
 the records shall be reserved for 3 years after the end of the last judgement.
 china has reduced the 2000000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are at the beginning of the year before the wto centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in urban areas will be able to pick up off-street loaded carparks at the junction and trunk road.
 the transfer of conventional weapons of conventional arms is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continue to streamline their manpower as a result of the slow-down and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also without obtaining refugee status.
 when i went to the child, i am very much a very serious matter of great importance.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender disparities and inequality affecting the cumulative process of risk affects the process of risk.
 according to the conservative estimates of the biomac engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, the potential for commercial applications of these technologies could be possible.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory committee (lab) 12 members for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has always been able to increase financial surplus in east asia.
 the swd has contacted mrs chan's family and provide counselling counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for accommodation is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbated strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 almost all these persons have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, wages, training and management of the police, the recommendations also apply to prison staff in prisons.
 " the inspection has also found the replacement of traffic, public utility facilities and other loadings. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included in a number of international covenants.
 copies of the buildings, such as the building of the buildings, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong will always be a bright picture, and the rain is a bright picture, and the air is a new and prosperous and prosperous place.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries have been the main power of economic and social development.
 we therefore stress the need for the nuclear power to conclude the obligations of the comprehensive test-bandban treaty (ctbt) in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest number of internet services in the united states remained to maintain the ratio of a network of 20 users.
 since the reform of the reform, small and medium-sized enterprises to achieve a strategic objective, social stability and stability has made significant contributions.
 in my country, as a result of our warm warm warm warm warm warm weather, the two three years will be able to go to five or 60.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to enjoy this general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision is not allowed to permit the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include citizens of the region include a uniform document for citizens of the region.
 it's hard to say that it is a truly friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, the employment of workers, employment and changing business have already afflicted hong kong for some time.
 " even if it enters within taiwan, it should not abandon the performance of " live opera ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the inflation rate in the last year has a significant increase in inflation.
 this is no longer possible to allow the graduates of hong kong in hong kong and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong.
 the current age of the greek cypriot is 66 years.
 the company's economic experts had also raised the same prediction.
 the project may also give more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the seizure of the assets was carried out on the basis of the criminal procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 it is thus clear that the students may not be allowed to do so.
 provision was made for the provision of basic medical supplies for the provision of basic medical supplies at unrwa primary health facilities.
 it is not only a relocated land.
 on the subject, the conference tried to remind people's attention to the subject of anti-personnel mines.
 later, there was a number of crafts who can purchase.
 motorists are advised to inform the traffic instructions and compliance with the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising, because the legal adviser had been paid by his competent authority to the defence of defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the possibility of expansion of the current social security system.
 amputation is a life-long mark, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined.
 after the introduction of the scheme, many honourable colleagues will start the journey for lifelong lifelong life.
 he was said to be hiding after his father, after his father's written complaint, the ministry of the ministry of the interior reportedly reportedly visited him.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled employment is to increase the only local service sector.
 the project indicated that small-scale funding approaches to small enterprises based on credit subsidies, based on credit subsidies, has not been poor.
 the honourable mrs miriam lau said to be the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the money.
 they should open up a gradual and progressive market open to the state of the state.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is not possible to support the united states of war against iraq.
 real development concepts should contain full respect for human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the length of time for the persons concerned have a choice of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, the islamic state of afghanistan, will also re-examine its consideration of the previous agenda of the previous agenda.
 many countries have attained a large reduction in the population living in poverty, although the economic crisis caused by the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, the countries of some financial resources are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of achieving multi-generation generation in harmony.
 the company found that the development, manufacturing and sales of all world famous consumer products.
 later, the veterists were also briefed on the chickens. "
 the secretariat's analysis of the mission's investigation data have been verified by the secretariat and verifying self-sustainment rates.
 if the flood problem in the northwest new territories will be a thorough solution to the flood problem in the northwest new territories.
 capitalism often creates drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the 1 work of the king's work.
 the two-way carriageways between the two places can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report provides a full extent to the deterioration of the situation in the palestinian territories.
 <unk> don't take a lot of cash and high property.
 at least 17 people were shot dead and 38 individuals were living dead.
 the working group working working with international human rights services, with a minority rights groups to deal with these issues in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 officers in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority would, therefore, consider the need to consider changes in the control of measures.
 economic growth in both developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in economies in transition, are very important in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 were reportedly killed by the communist party of nepal (maistist) in nepal.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, it is a legal responsibility of legal responsibilities in accordance with the existing legislation.
 mr president, the problem will be thoroughly resolved by the end of next year.
 over the 1990s, more than 200 children have been killed in armed conflict, which left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to develop ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment on the development of the government.
 the department will give a warning letter to the department and issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a construction contract valued at $ 68000 800000000.
 i have read hong kong legislation with 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, the unemployment rate of unemployment and underemployed conditions are generally stable.
 it is not easy to make a quota system, but if there is a quota system.
 in addition, australia was actively involved in the drafting of the international convention on the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial operating (sks) regulations, will be effective and effective.
 this letter does not wish to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-generals report contains the correct framework of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, there is a growing number of absolute numbers and relatively number of people.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry, " the spokesman said.
 the state party argues that the same reason should be applied to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darfur conflict was a dispute among ethnic groups in the area of land in the region.
 the amendment has been reserved for the development of the fire services department and the open space in the future.
 otherwise, the international community could not be able to do anything from liberia.
 the details of the detailed education fund will also be available for the promotion of language skills.
 on the other hand, chen chen-kuo, a cold wind and from time to time, the waves of winds, confrontations, and shells.
 in fact, in respect of judicial jurisdiction, the draft " garrison law " is almost similar to the current current practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up a resource centre for the judiciary is not encouraging the admissibility of the admissibility.
 the chairman, chairman of the joint conference, would like to say that the discussion would be very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will make preparations for the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 on the 1 avenue of the 1 avenue, the secretariat of the secretariat's imports of the secretariat was limited to a vehicle for the vehicle.
 the villagers are faced with the village of the village, and 2020 families have been able to make use of 30,000 trees.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the institute for reform of the land transfer scheme is established as a project for the transfer of land transfers.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who is one of the girl's relatives or the girl has been urged to contact the mong kok police station at 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute has designated an official document for the implementation of quality and enhancing productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to that end, the importance of education over education has increased the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the military, and it is certainly not the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of auditing responsibilities for the assets of the united nations.
 but it would not be possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must be unexploded, non-existent, non-discriminable, non-confidence and no chemical reactions.
 the offence of treason was already in the common common law system.
 worse still, as a result of the devastating threat of a nuclear-weapon-free threat, it seems that the devastating threat of nuclear weapons seemed to take root.
 in the village, the village was scared.
 armed conflict in darfur region began last february last year.
 the right to non-stated rights is a part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for pluralism.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or addresses of any document.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that hong kong's ranks will pick up in the future.
 the choice of whether the purchase of the purchase contract is a contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it is a challenge.
 they tend to re-delocate back.
 at that time, governor chris patten is working to work on a conservative party election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially those who have lost their lives, are always sad, and sadly beyond the boundaries of national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines have been published in the buildings department's homepage.
 they believe that they could be called the scientific doctrine of science and technology.
 while member states demanded to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was killed by a car bomb at the city of the city of the city of the city.
 senior officials of the security security guard, as well as individuals, will receive special permits to united nations security and security offices.
 the latest maps of the latest map and from the newly obtained images have been prompted quickly to rescue agencies.
 the scheme is a 1500 citizen service, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 however, demining activities carried out in the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the cambodians of hiv <unk> aids, and protect human rights.
 once again, once again, the housing department should once again take up the housing department to inspect the housing department.
 drop-out rates in secondary school is still higher than male, in secondary and university, and women still live in secondary and university.
 on the bian and the islamic republic of islamic republic, there was a cross-in-kin of the two parties.
 there is no difficulty in establishing and access to such private schools.
 it's impossible to imagine that it has changed her's decision.
 there will be a warning letter to the transport department.
 in the hands of the united states, it is, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for environmental capital co-operation<unk> the president of the world bank.
 if the official officials are interested in their investments, it is not better to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in international system changes in the past 10 years, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 it's a matter of fact that we cannot say it.
 it has been proposed to abolish the cuban sugar quota in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day must also go to the gendarmerie.
 mr lam said that the modernization of the hong kong sar on trademarks ordinance.
 the more the more voters have to vote, the more representative of our 1 legislative council.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles can be carried out.
 if he is not enough enough, it would be better to get a rest.
 this approach is a matter of administration.
 in december 1963, the armed attack was an ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities, " the spokesman said.
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation to the delegation of his delegation to the work of the subject.
 there were no people who go to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the situation on the elimination of marriage, she asked about the identification of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than the previous year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointments of the members of the commission and the special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will conduct major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the importance of greater improvement and access to information has increased the importance of non-governmental organizations and other important groups participating in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were from external forces, non-control groups and individuals.
 " it's a selfless dedication and continuous efforts in the past and the present government's efforts, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the living standards of children and improving services, parents are paying a certain cost.
 there is, however, a need for further efforts to make further efforts in order to enhance the results of the work of the public.
 these criminal acts cannot be allowed to provide safe shelters for the purpose of such criminal acts.
 on july this year, he saw a taxi taxi at sha tin at sha tin and saw a security guard against two burglaries.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, marketing staff can only take care of his practical contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in the territory of the republic shall be protected with the same protection in the law of haiti.
 three years of time for the member states of the european union have been unanimous in accordance with 6 june 2000.
 on this occasion, the pfp is quite anger, immediately in a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty of the anti-ballistic missile system.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region are still weak and weak.
 other people, such as those of others, are not used to help them.
 as a result, a lot of plates will be sold.
 in the past year, the taiwan's industry has already spent six years.
 despite the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions through numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory functions in accordance with the licensees and standards of the licensees of the sfc.
 for the first time they returned to the first time for the first time.
 we want to see that the university of peace is truly a truly global mission.
 population estimates are an important parameters for projections and projections, as well as the planning and research of private and commercial institutions.
 more than few years ago, they were invited to attend the chinese new year lunar new year.
 the united states government acknowledges that the cuban diplomatic bank account for diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision is payable on the basis of a instrument that belong to the category of law.
 during the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, and the equipment was interrupted, and equipment was interrupted, and equipment was interrupted.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of proposals.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any reference to the use of the company to conceal the loan loan and one company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people will leave the names of the names of the chinese.
 staff of the department of health (dh) had provided health education for the disease and disinfected disinfection at its home.
 let me now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building.
 the non-governmental organizations also propose that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations to the special rapporteur.
 when taking the necessary action to take the necessary action, we refuse to keep up a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of resolving the question of palestine in the middle east core issue.
 i have to do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left by the international community.
 a state of emergency was again extended on 15 december.
 following a few days following the taliban, the authorities began to trans-ship prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile enables them to be very suitable for a threat, deterrence, co-operative, co-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's government's policy to adopt an open platform for the use of software products as the application of the application system.
 in addition, 106 private care centres have also been maintained at the rate of 106 private care centres.
 in the wake of this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front line has not changed significantly.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of new novels.
 but for some immediate danger, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 experts can take a new image of the images of new images with the commissions databases.
 estimates of the local hiring staff consists of 10 per cent vacancy.
 the use of natural gas will reduce the use of the natural gas, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 large establishments in the manufacturing sector refers to a number of more than 100 or more or more than 50 or more or more than 50 or more.
 under section 2, paragraph 2, paragraph 2 of the code of criminal code, the maximum limits of the preparation or a total of penalties are applied to the completion of the project.
 the general assembly adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the world's vision of the death of kings has kingsan ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation of rwanda, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-government organisations and the remaining 19 are sponsored by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of spain.
 it would be impossible for the car to do so.
 secondly, the capacity of the small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") applications are inadequate.
 8 days after the day, the usa is two of us.
 more than 2000 bao rolands will be displayed at the hong kong park in the hong kong park.
 the investigation will provide a reliable standard of living in the territory of the entire territory, particularly the level of poverty.
 one of the hot hot spots of the family is the introduction of a new millennium game.
 in 1993, hong kong's enactment of the death penalty in 1993 is the general trend of human rights.
 it is also known to know that the verticality and other disorders are also effective.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, he suggested that the legislative council was revised in 1999 to grant more investigative authority and the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will be held at a luncheon meeting at the hong kong trade development council and the association of france.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community can co-operate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be big.
 if the honourable lau ping-pung seems to say, if the application is to apply, it would be a notification <unk>
 the delegation of the sponsor delegation stated that the text of the proposal could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state must begin to collect data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are the relevant agencies from various agencies.
 i remember that some people have used many of the wording interests of the interests of the interests.
 i believe that many will not agree with this view, but it would be in principle opposed to a road departure tax.
 according to the contract, relevant traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed with the regional forests.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces have also taken place in the south-eastern part of the province of the province, and continued to be in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan to extend the scheme, we intend to be able to verify the target of the problem of labour shortages.
 in the light of the charging train, the construction of the train is a speed of $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received a reorganization from the government of the people's republic of china.
 this type of work is still being made by division and needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6, with a view to order to hold public interest.
 the private university has also paid relief fees on the basis of the economic situation.
 to improve the relationship between our relationship and egypt, and to restore multilateral negotiations, the common objective of the common objective of our region.
 his role is extremely strong, and he was very strong, and he was heed with him to paint.
 some of the police officers will make a video record.
 according to the results of the results of the pharmaceuticals, the quality of the quality of medicines were sold through a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel continues to provide open tunnels under the floor of the al-qaqsa mosque in the al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after this year's spring festival holidays, the tourism council has not received any complaints against passengers of travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence carried out an depreciation in the ministry of defense to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, we can say that we should not relax our spirit.
 the private car immediately pulled off the scene along sha tsui street to the tai chung bridge.
 despite the evidence of the evidence, today they are still defending their own.
 governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that, in view of their respective roles and mandates, directly compared with their respective respective institutions.
 i believe it will not only affect the future.
 the political influence of the environment, and even in the words " full-time " reference to development.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a decline in underground water in the gaza strip and led to the east into the east.
 i believe that this week of this week is a very important sense that we are here to show that we shared the international community of terror.
 i also express my appreciation for the secretary-general and appreciation for his appreciation to the secretary-general for the report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, as a result of the political instability of the decades of decades, has been sacrificed to sacrifice democracy.
 in the western gates, it's a great deal of legends.
 what is known as we are known to be known as we are familiar with the city of china.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the united nations.
 in history, there are no other children in history.
 " the entire mainland, " the entire continent of the world is the whole of our entire continent and to bring about brightness. "
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall be able to make a good foundation for building trees.
 otherwise, it is likely that sanctions are likely to become an ethical means and the wishes of the entire international community.
 seizures of cocaine seizures in croatia were low and 2000 reported in 2000 were reported in 2000.
 in that connection, pakistan supported the mexican proposal, and the relevant agencies of the united nations have considered serious consideration of the budgetary request.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (dc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, and he was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was on the ground.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already proposed the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to identify the users of public information and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam says that his statement is more than in my shorter than that of my shorter, but i now speak more than him.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of the international forum on anti-terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states of the united states district court of the united states court of the court of appeal to the district court.
 in this connection, the three0000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the north of katanga province have received no assistance in this year.
 as part of the fighting and air strikes in kabul by the end of july, some international groups had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of training courses.
 at that time, i can only cut down the local saying that the government is simply not going to do.
 at present, the operating budget of unhcr is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent payment payment should be made for the unused payment of $ 10 per cent in accordance with $ 10 per cent in respect of non-us$ non-us dollars.
 the president and his wife unanimously.
 the world trade conference will be convened in seattle, which can be a forum for a forum.
 according to the above-mentioned 1 issue, it was recommended that the basic capabilities of primary and secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups should be achieved.
 thus, therefore, the so-called coherence of the so-called so-called coherence of the so-called so-called coherence of the so-called so-called consistency.
 regular receives of the images of the two-6 and 7 (in 30-minute ").
 any person affected by the amendment project may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february 24, 2000.
 the hkpa is basically favoured by the hkpa.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador climbed, climbing more than 2<unk>3 and colombia's growth in both and colombia.
 the recent example is to build a master's integrity.
 the contents of the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors will be a keynote in the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on june 15 and was released on bail pending further enquiries on bail.
 at all levels, the issue is often informed at all levels of the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to gather information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to choose the choice of non-governmental organizations that they provide information and the commission's use.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to put this motion debate on behalf of consumers.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the promotion of field representatives, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 over 15 different countries of different countries.
 as a result of the signing of international treaties, the legal assistance provided by the provisions of the treaty shall be assisted.
 these realities have to be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 it is not possible to be punished by the majority of the state lists, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also seen in the construction industry, with the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, there were restrictions on the cost and expenditure of lawyers to be assigned.
 it is essential that there is no exception for the time-frame, which is not in detention without detention.
 on the weekends every day, these places have been up to the weekends, and it is also the case of the child.
 one other thing is that the bank does not want to direct banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call for enquiries: 2402 1111<unk> admission is 2734 900.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be studying a unit.
 in article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code, the procedure for the assets of the assets (bank accounts) of the georgian penal code.
 " we also consider the need to expand and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has suffered one of the most gratifying dictatorships in the continent.
 we are not in favour of taking pressure on the prevention of the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask what i do not <unk> they would say that you will not be able to join you.
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global, effective treaty on the suppression of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 shall be considered by the international system, which should be considered under the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction.
 1970-1975 minister counsellor at the italian embassy in italy.
 there should be a code of moral practice in the context of the legal activities of the conflict in conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that, for all, the sale arrangements were not sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 during the same period, the number of deaths in hong kong was 545300, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have done it because this issue reflects the fact that the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 in the future of hong kong's future, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do, " the spokesman said.
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 according to reports, these foods have been affected by contamination of the contamination area, and these foods are required to be imported as a cleaner.
 with regard to the choice of the children of the child, luxembourg, which was approved by the luxembourg.
 they also discussed and agreed that the country must stop the country into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry carefully and listen to their views.
 i would like to think that the boys who have been killed, and i would also like to have thousands of victims over the past 10 years.
 when ni kuang talked about women, i would like to talk about taiwan's taiwan edition.
 the overall programme has focused on assisting girls and women to improve their self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirms that the administration and palau are determined to uphold the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary-general of the ccp had arrived in the revolution of the revolutionary revolution.
 in the promotion of chickens, a number of staff members took part in the troma and the farmer with the farms, and a rapid increase in the development of the fish.
 the advisory committee has requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in the context of this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full action of the iraqi iraqis.
 the special rapporteur had visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for which the unomed balance was generated by an end to the programme.
 in addition, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians directly by the palestinians.
 activities in the field of remote sensing in satellite remote sensing and practical applications should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region have the right to vote.
 40 enterprises in the service industry have received loans, creating or saved 79 jobs during the period under review.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are instructed to take up our friends from their entrepreneurship: it's hard to ask for assistance.
 a few months later, the storm has also been waved from hong kong, and this is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 after protests of protests, some people of the people were alerted, and the police are using high pressures to disturb the people.
 the programme of work for the establishment of trade points (see 4).
 i think that the most important thing is to respect the civil servants, allowing them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changing changes of the pension system, and the impact of women's impact on women's impact on men.
 (iii) the commander of the force commander: as a result of the information provided by the office: it was sensitive to two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the development division of the family development division of the family development division and family support division has been launched, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmon said: " the exhibition is extremely successful in the world's gizmon said: "
 the international community should also look at human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration is also set out in article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in november to november, following a 17% increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's participation in society is clearly dependent on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the commissions have clearly reflected the urgency of common concern of all humankind.
 there is an end to their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the position, the chinese side has put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all of us$ 20000000000, only $ 123300000000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price indices reflected the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 the adoption of such an approach to the original security fund would be concentrated in the context of such an approach.
 he believed that the preparation of the beijing olympics to work in the beijing olympics, will certainly succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issue for the production of productive employment at its last session in february this year.
 what we can do is to do so, we will have to face the grave situation in which we will face.
 the protection of maternity protection in the workplace 2000 has also been banned at the age of 21 to 21 weeks.
 there is a major improvement in paraguagua, causing the river transit corridor to become the 2 key transport routes of the road.
 welcome.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to make a strong development and show that we will be able to implement as soon as possible.
 as far as the public is concerned, the importance of the people of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far faster than the overall population population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology exhibition.
 their discipline and the conduct of their disciplines have been given to the united nations.
 these proposals have been a public opinion over the years.
 " there is no need for undue concern for the public, " a police spokesman said.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon east kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for a system-wide conference.
 the 76-year-old man, a good voice, and every day, almost all of them depends on 100 patients.
 this incident took place in the way the way in which he was close to the ishka.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is more than a few times.
 the government of some industrial countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the decision to start to suspend the debt.
 the this century and the millennium in this century saw a great achievement and saw a number of disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words that i would like to say a few words on the subject of a debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict was civilians.
 a phase of phase iii of the phase of the phase of the phase of the biotechnology is the revolution.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to formulate the accuracy of the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of those rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is an appropriate forum for dealing with many of them.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing needs of food and medicine.
 note: the chinese charity fund and the chinese temple was promulgated shortly after the enactment of the chinese temple in 1992.
 it is known that voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment are sometimes difficult to distinguish between recruitment and compulsory recruitment.
 as a result, this letter was written on the day of the journal.
 at the same time, the inflation rate is not lower, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that the legal profession had a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the amendment to the proposal to reduce some of the complex administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat it here in here.
 the drafting of the conference would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the review commission.
 the management system is a complex project. it has a profound impact on the functioning of the united nations, budgetary and financial work management.
 it is also high.
 in line with relevant measures, customs and excise department, the department of fire services, lands department and the planning department will proceed with the oil companies.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as president of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the objective of the text is to submit some political choices and rights to the states concerned by the international law.
 responding to police officers, police officers conducted investigation into the three rooms in the hotel on march 27.
 they must accept the continuing professional training, their registration <unk> authorization of their registration <unk> authorization.
 in late february, the education department will be invited to take part in the unified parents to participate in the selection process in march.
 however, the cost of these technologies have been.
 i also said that he was not hesitated with him.
 the contradictions of paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 on the basis of the minimum age, the minimum service of the obligation will benefit each of every society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the issue of insolvency representative in the draft guide.
 i hope that i hope that i hope that the honourable members will have to give them more fairly.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman of the chairman shall declare the adjournment of the debate.
 he said: " you are often able to contact the darkness of people, " he said.
 the upper level of the ceiling should be kept in the future, and no decision should not be fixed after the authorities.
 the sisters of the sisters have been starved with hunger, guarding the sheep and snow and snows.
 " we should continue to enhance our efforts to improve the level of service, " the spokesman said.
 it is a major step in the future.
 the community now is clearly in favour of adopting a bill of rights through the enactment of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the mission travelled to new york, it had to stop the united states to stop them into the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 the delegation of the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with some criteria.
 in order to reduce funds in the longer term, i think the government should adopt a more proactive policy to implement policies.
 the vienna convention on treaties related to multilateral covenants and agreements, including those of human rights treaties, also included a reservation.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar has a real democratic democratic state for a market economy.
 in addition, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers allegedly allegedly a 7, including five children.
 " the appeal will be submitted as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is a responsibility for land titles.
 this makes it more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's culture of culture is indeed an ideal city.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit can be transferred from customs regulations, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of salaries tax and personal income tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and take serious consideration of the need for japan.
 in the sudan, the ministry of health and social affairs of the ministry of health and social development is responsible for the observance of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the coordination committee and the chairman of the organization and to the secretary-general.
 this exhibition is the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information in cooperation with the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 it is equally surprising that life expectancy at births (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the balance between the executive and the legislature is the balance between administrative and legislature.
 even after the shellings are not public transport, there is almost no one to work.
 this year, this year may be different.
 next, let us take you a look at iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the office of the police office.
 when i look at me, i will be very excited, and i would like to hear my head.
 despite a good financial success performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach its goals.
 right, it is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations has a very important position, we must have to make the united nations to be a step step before the development of developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the songs under the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for the repair works of public housing estates for repair works and related expenditure on the ground.
 i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council at the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry have been declining.
 the croatian police are also carrying out walking on walking and patrolling areas where they can enter into part of the territory.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung pointed out that this will give rise to the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is officially implemented, the authorities will carefully consider all the views of the registration plan.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " and that it will be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will visit washington to visit washington to visit the last stop.
 exports from developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at the 12 session of its 2001 session, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to give her shoes to her her shoes.
 despite a large number of data data and the volume of data, the content of the texts of the data are relatively small.
 however, the report notes that although there are foods in the local market, the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that it was recommended that the current 21.7 per cent contribution is retained.
 the international community's achievements in the fight against terrorism should not be a precondition for the end.
 the authorities have recognized that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 at present, the economic growth of the treasury, however, has led to the strongest growth of many countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has not been determined by the under-secretary-general for the establishment of the commission.
 more than 3 years, a large number of documents proved that the cost of the water shortage has been given to the price of the water shortage.
 the treaty is limited to ban nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons in the testing room or to produce new weapons systems.
 they told him that they could not have been able to receive him.
 overall, the whole can be better than its part.
 (b) on may 1 this year, the electrical and mechanical services department will take place on may 1 of this year for full integration of public holidays.
 a person in the green paper is really a humiliation of the green paper.
 as a member of china's appointment as a member of china's appointment as a member of china's appointment.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to the long-term strengthening of the capacity and infrastructure of national protection and infrastructure.
 the week of age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing, and economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is speeding up.
 the subjects of interconnections between western and western paintings and the museum of the museum has also come.
 in a sense of rationality and nature, he was in a sense of rationality.
 i would like to respond to response to the crisis in west africa.
 the most fundamental, however, is that the angolans themselves truly committed peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have a significant increase in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications that the existence of the existence of the existence of fiji.
 as a result of the seminar, there is no waste of people who return to the country.
 from the brazilian turtles of brazil, fujian, foo, twl-chien, and hao-chien, has been the most strong species for taiwan.
 these women are also subject to the discrimination on the basis of discrimination between different pays, or in the labour force.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of countries<unk> (ii) to the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has a woman's head of state for the 1 time in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations tried to influence a government.
 this type of fanatic is the product of a new single system of lading in other countries.
 recently, there have been some original groups who have been rumoured by rumours, which opposes the 1988 direct elections.
 however, as people restore life often live, and long as there is a large number of refugees, east timor will require continuing resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police were charged with violations of human rights or criminal acts.
 his election has underlined his advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a " people-oriented industry ", there is no such staff as a whole.
 at the same time, the line of a 10ms shall be 173-nam yarn and 133.
 in the words " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department is also not as special training to deal with hawkers.
 in the non-state security of non-resident security, the debtor should continue to hold the responsibility and the maintenance of the responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in respect of mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the incident, but there were no casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed- mixed " conference, namely the open meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it will be in the future.
 as mentioned above, there was no reference to the office in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the secretary-general of the constitutional affairs of the constitutional affairs of the secretary for constitutional affairs.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, and the meeting will be suspended on the same day.
 the carpark in the vicinity of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients in the portfolio is still stable, and a company's performance in the 500 industry industry is still stable.
 many people have a lot of convenience for shopping, but paying a huge amount of debts.
 in mid-july this year, in mid-july, li chao-chien, who spoke on behalf of my country, has visited japan to take part in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development programme of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible, the detailed information of the two units.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission for human settlements.
 <unk> new york, november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the small seventy is well-being, and he was happy and loved for women friends.
 mr cheung is a keynote address in the safety of hong kong's occupational safety.
 i would like to ask you to ask you, so i can find you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the most advanced radar and other technology instruments.
 despite the limited financial difficulties in the economy, a large amount of money could be generated by a large amount of funds.
 with regard to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the contents of the draft bill are already complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, but also we have to safeguard the hong kong international financial centre.
 the distribution of the programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50 years of age, it was discovered that there are 180-year-old <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk>s.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed all houses in the village after all houses of the village.
 there should be a doctorary doctors as soon as possible, as soon as possible, and help to control the symptoms.
 child prostitution is meant to provide, or any other forms of consideration by other forms of consideration.
 this is not an outstanding achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, with an increase of 2% in the same period.
 equally important is a major external debt problem of the african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 as a result of a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now like to go back to the same.
 the economic and social council has 14 panels of experts, and its membership shall be involved in experts, rather than national representatives.
 the expert unit has been provided with more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for south-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese, chinese textbooks can be set up in the chinese textbooks.
 another thing is, " the business of the banks would be better to do business.
 some people were reportedly wounded.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciates unctad's leadership role, thematic discussion panellisted a number of interesting issues and did not provide solutions.
 united nations military contingents will assist those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to enable these policies to be effective, it is essential to see trade, health and management, etc.
 it was reported, however, that the educators denied that the person had been transferred to the detention of the person.
 in order to prevent the special interests of political parties, an election campaign should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide the background information and exercise of the working group on the right to development.
 he did not imagine that sun yun-yun had experienced numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-yu, was presented to the chief executive on three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the large number of land in the new territories are controlled by collective officials.
 we welcome the development of these areas, " the spokesman said.
 to enable the computer to do so, " don't " don't " do so, " don't " don't " do so. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seemed to be a surprise, irrespective of the authorities or local people.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's new zealand new zealand new zealand new zealand.
 the adoption of new mergers adopted on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 during the pilot period, 15.
 a number of programmes on this seminar would help to increase the public awareness of the issue.
 if one person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is no right to receive the minimum wage for a minimum wage.
 overall, this information will not be disclosed.
 he has always been a good effort to achieve success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the authority to conduct a review of the provisions of the international standards on the basis of the international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for non-resident university graduates, " the spokesman said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing as well as 2008 olympics.
 recently, one came from the mainland and the university of hong kong in hong kong to speak in hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has played a system of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then he was cut off his hands, and the safety of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to the provisional self-government authority.
 markny was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the preservation of taipei's dignity in taipei is now a sign of the new paintings.
 the name of those who did not disclose the names of the name said: " it is purely false.
 born in new zealand, u.s. rice was born in new zealand in new zealand, rice and australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been attacked with each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, are now available for public inspection.
 because the dpp is a new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of staff choices.
 the claimant provided the export credit credit for exporting and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has set up a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends further attention to the accuracy of the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the health organization act, everyone has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's bank office in bangkok, " nobody knows how many people are aware of the cost. "
 in this section, this section of the liaoning people's publishing will be published.
 madam president, the secretary for home, mr michael suen, is going to do so, and we should not keep him.
 as a result of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, i might say a few words.
 the comments referred to above in the annex are contained in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance of the performance, the response of the audience was very enthusiastic, bringing a great encouragement to members and staff members.
 i can also quote some examples. some complaints have said that some of the chronically chronic diseases have been given to the hospital authority.
 the approved approved plan is to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 actually, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the support of the national census of the 2001 national census.
 she has all right to enjoy all citizens citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, ranging from prevention and prosecuting the victims of the victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee notes that, in some cases, the reports made references to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters of small arms can be directed at approximately 15000 fighters per hour.
 secondly, reducing the situation is tense.
 we first begin to act on the draft resolution on economic and other activities affecting the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, the current peace-keeping fund has no cash.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general and the special representative of the special representative of the secretary-general for this morning.
 the decline in developing countries to foreign investment is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic.
 as a result of the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong is unchanged, and the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to the concepts of a number of countries in the past 5 years or did not have any progress.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans, and the increase in the conflict in the tribal conflict has increased.
 in january of this year, mr. sergio de mello has proposed that mr. sergio de mello should generally strengthen the effectiveness of the civilian police.
 our assessment is that conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia do not exist.
 young people, about 19 per cent of the population of africa, will increase in the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 in the united states, one typical consumer of the united states will take 1000 hours for a period of 1000 hours.
 in my view, the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a matter of interesting importance.
 the office of internal oversight services urged the department to assist the new form of political will in the new form of political will.
 our financial position is lucky than britain is lucky than britain, and so there is no need for me to do so.
 the last year's images last year was in the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawai, was frequent ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a " study of the government's government's reduction in waste reduction scheme " (the working group), mr tam kwok-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government does not respond to it. "
 in the day before the performance of the performance of the performance of national musician musicians.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2%, compared with a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict children, children have to be taken care of the dominant position in society.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military assaults on civilian populations and casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week investigation period, the total response rate was completed in a two-week survey period.
 the chickens have been tested to the market before delivery and blood test, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres and to extend 5 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 all more than 70 per cent of all children working in the family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty).
 liu ming-ming also came to taiwan because of the war to taiwan.
 the central meteorological weather forecasts that a heavy fog weather will also affect north china south china.
 the present section recalls the reasons for the right to food to the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the bulling of nipis into taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal procedures have been revised in accordance with the legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions against anyone who engaged in arms to engage in arms will be able to promote compliance with the procedure for authorizing.
 the government and the business sector has launched a series of activities to consolidate the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet group toured the hong kong ballet competition in hong kong.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs li li-ming, said, " hong kong is a society of immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was carried out by the forces of the taliban and the taliban, in the north-west of a abdulra, the taliban in the north-west.
 computer systems in the computer systems also triggered a large number of major issues in the privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary character of the asean regional forum, as well as major developments in the regional security situation.
 every day, the soldiers said that the same day will be handed over to the same day.
 the sooner the implementation of the mpf system will be adopted, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicles were being replaced from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often consider the people of the people, such as the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, china ensures that hong kong is a class of the asset.
 it seems that, despite the authors intention to use this procedure, they had not been used by the author.
 as a result, it will not follow up to the new areas that will not go to the new areas.
 the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works have been in the face of the 1940s.
 however, madam president, today's bill today, the bill today is a great question that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after the arrival of los angeles in the united states of new zealand, shawel was arrested on this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economy in 2003.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas.
 some experts indicated that the statistics had not been able to reflect the magnitude of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to select different types of bricks in different areas.
 after the opening of economic reforms in 1978, the exchange rate for the exchange rate system has become a price price.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkek was established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to pay a healthy impact on health.
 some of the results are as follows: in addition to religion, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading materials.
 this year's total revenue for this year's total revenue is $ 10500, which is nearly 24% over a year earlier.
 these provisions should be made to quote the situation with the chinese side.
 non-colonial items of non-colonial items carried out in other currencies are replaced by the united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is fundamental to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have the 2 largest service in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i understand that the doctor's friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " the need to amend the scheme to reflect the latest land use proposed by lantau island, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to this end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, and the amount of assessed contributions by member states.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 over a century of half a century, humankind is living in the graves of wars.
 he said that in order to address these problems, the prime minister has established a cabinet committee for prime minister.
 in all cases, the longer the time the time the time the time more than for the period 2003-04.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. this is a summary of the important accounting policy of these financial statements.
 among them, there will be a heavy rain in some parts of the south-east of yunnan.
 on behalf of the people and people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet made a plan to provide donor confidence in the structure of undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 consisted of the vice-chairmen of the two delegations of the country, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of strategies, plans, policies, policies and operational centres.
 the vocational training council is now hosting about 70 examinations and can accommodate the possibility of about 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped by the culprit, the victim revealed that the victim was sleeping.
 authorities have announced today's day.
 for example, the sectides are set out in the 3 phase, but it was late until late.
 it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
